Move texture stuff to the content guidelines, and add some guidelines for SBBs (#3021)
PixelGuys/Cubyz: docs/CONTENT_SUGGESTIONS.md

5. Blocks should tile smoothly. Avoid creating seams or repetitive patterns.
6. Use hue shifting conservatively. Take the material into account when choosing colours.
7. Items have full, coloured, 1-pixel outlines. It should be shaded so that the side in light (top left) is brighter, while the side in shadow (bottom right) is darker.
8. Items should have higher contrast than their block counterparts.

Your texture may be edited or replaced to ensure a consistent art style throughout the game.

For further information, ask <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/122191047" width="20" height="20">[careeoki](https://github.com/careeoki) on [Discord](https://discord.gg/XtqCRRG). She has made a majority of the art for Cubyz.

### Structure Building Blocks (SBBs)

- the underground matters, often structures will generate on a slope or above a cave, exposing its underside, so make sure the structure continues underground and contains roots where applicable
- make sure you fill your structures with `cubyz:void` blocks before saving them, unless you actually want it to replace surrounding terrain with air blocks

> - for trees and other structures with degradable components like leaves and branches, make sure all the blocks are degradable using the `/toggledecay` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- for trees and other structures with degradable components like leaves and branches, make sure all the blocks are converted to degradable variants using the `/toggledecay` command
```

- always capture the smallest volume possible, these structures are not cheap

> - if your structure appears in bulk, try to split it into multiple randomized parts to avoid repetitive structures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- if your structure appears in bulk, try to split it into multiple randomized parts to avoid clearly visible repetition.
```
